Psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up a know for us and we'll get started. Um, but before I do, can I just kind of do just two minutes introduction. So at least you know who I am.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seems reasonable, doesn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm here in Florida, and I have been a Licensed Marriage and family therapist for over 20 years I've had my license in New Mexico. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Your June will be three years I specifically to do the tele health with them for bright heart and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have been interested in substance use addiction chemical dependence sense get go. As soon as I was working with clients I was noticing it was either with directly in my client or there was addiction and substance use somewhere right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the fam. Yeah, a lot of it and very curious about it. So basically, most of my career, whether it was doing felony drug court or whether it was being an EP or
Alicia Noedel: Working
Gwenevere Abriel: In a substance use treatment agency just just really have immerse myself in it. So although my formal training is marriage and family therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been working with substance use for the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really love it. And what else. Let's see. Oh.
Alicia Noedel: Really quickly, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: The phone super cool technology, love, love, love it for things like what we just did, where I was like, Okay. Let's confirm tomorrow and you say yes or notice hi at a little opening at 830
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll throw that out there. Sometimes they'll say last minute opening, but I'll send it out to several people say, hey, if you get back to me right away asap or soon you might be able to catch an earlier appointment might be something that you would prefer
Alicia Noedel: And you can either
Gwenevere Abriel: Ignore it. Or you can say no, thank you. We'll stick with the one we have something like that. But what I don't do is I don't do therapy through texting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you guys are welcome to send me messages you can send me because I want you guys to feel like you're, you're not alone. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's one thing to be have this experience of suffering, in a sense, I feel sad, I feel angry, I feel afraid. I feel uncertain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then to be able to text your therapist and say I'm going through something right now I'm starting I'm having my stinking thinking I'm thinking it using you send me this message, and I would write back when can you meet in zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm going to want to be
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, that makes more sense than a text message. It's kind of hard to counsel someone through a text message.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've tried it and it is an epic failure. It's awful.
Paragraphs
Gwenevere Abriel: Words, literally, each one of the ones that you have come to know and love and use and defining your personal experience are different than mine. So I don't take a chance. Every little text can feel cold, it can
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't take that chance to important
Alicia Noedel: I really don't have the voice and the facial expressions mean a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, and it does
Alicia Noedel: Me no
Gwenevere Abriel: Body language.
Gwenevere Abriel: No amount of emojis. It's going to cut it. So we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to get in here and be. So I just want you to know that you're welcome to say to me, I'm going through something. And I'll say, Oh, dear. When can we next meet and that's that's what I'll do. So I like to say that ahead of time so people aren't offended by that.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so we will be diving right in. As soon as I get a note. Let me tell you a little bit about what we're going to do, it's going to feel contrived, because this is a structured interview, but later on when you and I need on our next session. That's when
Alicia Noedel: We can slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Down.
No problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: So probably let me get in here, get a notice the first part of its going to be getting a history of opioid history. And then I'm going to jump into some other substances, then we'll get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Mental health will get into family history and I really wanted to find some goals that you want to work on. That's how I will end today. Okay, so I'll be moving very, very fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is short answers later on when we meet, that's when I get these expansive stories and your history, but really it's just going to be. This is the date. This is how old I was. This is how much this is
Gwenevere Abriel: It was it was Fred. It was my uncle. Nope. It was short and then we'll move on to the next question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Otherwise, we'd be here for three hours. Otherwise, yeah won't work. Okay, so let me get open up and I'm going to be quiet for just a minute, cuz I gotta get this database to wake up.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you hear about us.
Alicia Noedel: I was trying to find some kind of
Alicia Noedel: On the phone you know way to get my medication, just because I have a newborn and it's hard for me to get to the doctor because my husband has the car. Most the time
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
That really makes sense. Absolutely.
Alright. So today we've got we're doing
Your time your time 1030
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll always 99.9% of the time talking your time. If ever sounds weird to say, hey, is that my time or your time, but I'll always speak or make an effort to say it in your time so you don't have to. You don't have to think about it. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Are you both ahead or behind there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am ahead. So it's 1234 here.
Alicia Noedel: Oh wow, that's
Alicia Noedel: Too bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Well, what it means for me is when you got when when let's say you worked as a nurse or something and you're like, Oh, well, my shift starts at seven. I'm like, Okay, I'll meet you at five in the morning because to me it's seven in the morning. I don't care. I'm up. I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got an epic five but
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. For me, I can make it happen. So in other words, I can really carve it deep into the morning for people that have that that work schedule, but I can't go late. That's the challenge with
Alicia Noedel: Working with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's dive right into it. Here we go. So the first piece is, were you already on buprenorphine through a doctor or were you getting it off the streets when you came in the door here.
Alicia Noedel: It was already on it through a doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years have you been seeing that doctor
Alicia Noedel: Only like a year and a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the name of the program.
Alicia Noedel: It was the la familia Medical Center just through their care.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many milligrams. Were you on there and for how long.
Alicia Noedel: I was on two and a half. Eight. Eight milligram pills a day. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two and a half. That's 20 milligrams. Correct.
Alicia Noedel: At 16. Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you want now.
Alicia Noedel: To okay
Alicia Noedel: 16 sorry. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. You're also going to hear me say some funny funny sounding stuff because I'm getting some help, which is fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, is this transcription. So you're going to hear me say things
Gwenevere Abriel: Like please transcribe planted nice lifetime history of dub, dub, dub, remember. So that's what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it makes it possible to really
Gwenevere Abriel: Get through a lot of information quickly. So I want you to think about now really focusing just on your opiate history.
Gwenevere Abriel: buprenorphine is a long acting opiate and I distinguish it from all those other ones which are the short acting heroin is short acting oxy cotton shirt outtake Roxy set hydrocodone
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that heroin too short acting, which means it doesn't stay in your system very long. You don't have that euphoria. The analgesic effect doesn't last very long. Where's the buprenorphine can last on papers supposed to be 36 hours, but what you guys report is about 24
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so, um, long acting opiates, you're gonna hear me use that a lot long acting buprenorphine short acting the rest of the stuff
Gwenevere Abriel: When you first started using short acting opiates. Was it a broken ankle. How did it get started.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I was in an abusive relationship and
Gwenevere Abriel: How old were you
Alicia Noedel: I was
Alicia Noedel: I started when I was about 16 okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Age 16
Alicia Noedel: Have you seen it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was, was this a male
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. What's he giving it to you, forcing you to do it.
Alicia Noedel: We he was doing it and I you know when you're in a relationship with somebody that's doing a drug. It's kind of hard not to, especially when they're abusing you because you use it to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: What was, what, what drugs are we talking about right now.
Alicia Noedel: Heroin and
Alicia Noedel: prescription pills. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you first used. Did you heroin first time or did you first snort on oxy or how did it first start
Alicia Noedel: Um, I never snorted anything. It was always I'm smoking heroin and and taking pills Orly okay
Alicia Noedel: I never use it intravenously or anything. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see the heroin as well. You never did it being use drug use. Got it. All right. And you were you snorted, the heroin, you were saying.
Alicia Noedel: Or I was
Alicia Noedel: Smoking it
Alicia Noedel: God indicated and snorting yeah
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much heroin, were you doing at its worst, a day.
Alicia Noedel: I would say that if we had money.
Alicia Noedel: We would do probably
Alicia Noedel: All day
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time. The real I got broken up. What happened, say, one more time.
Alicia Noedel: About 100 to $200 a day when we had money okay
Alicia Noedel: And then he would still his grandparents prescription pills. When we did it. And that's how we substituted that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much of the I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you were taking when it came to the prescription opiates.
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were you, what was it that you are taking
Alicia Noedel: Percocet, mostly
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it's worse. How many milligrams a day.
Alicia Noedel: I'd say close to my worst
Alicia Noedel: Of 150 milligrams a day.
Alicia Noedel: So about 10 to 15 of those pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay. And any accidental or intentional overdoses in your history just overdose.
Alicia Noedel: Not that I'm aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is there a blackout. History
Alicia Noedel: Um, I mean you know there's big overdoses where you know you're unconscious and then there's little ones where you are just nodding out because, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So history of some nodding. Now, any intentional.
Overdose
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies lifetime history of intentional overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you will get into treatment labor. First, we're really going to zero in in the substance use history. Any intentional or accidental use of fentanyl
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: tonight's lecture music fentanyl
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about
Gwenevere Abriel: Create them. If you don't know what it is, we'll move on. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: patronize lifetime use of cradle and spice.
Alicia Noedel: never actually, um, when I when I was a teenager I went to go smoke some weed with one of my friends and he told me that it was weed, but it was angel dust and spice. So one time. Oh boy, that was a different kind of day huh yeah that ruined me for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so at one time use teenager makes you
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but that incident.
Alicia Noedel: 1314 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So one time use
Gwenevere Abriel: Unintended ingestion of spice and Angel Dust thinking that it was marijuana at about age 14 please transcribe so let's move over to I think we've covered the the opiates, let's move over to other substances. Let's go as your first use of tobacco well
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression from there. You're going to hear that sentence a lot age of first use progression and last use. So when you first start smoking.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, my mom had left town. We'll get into that reason why next time because it's a long story but um
Alicia Noedel: I was living with my dad and we progress to, you know, starting to get really into an intensely stressful situation and I started really smoking kind of crazy. It would make me throw up. And I would still smoke more so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age you first started smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 and how many packs a day.
Alicia Noedel: No, like a half. It was uh huh
Gwenevere Abriel: And then at its most
Alicia Noedel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: And most recently,
Alicia Noedel: I'm 14 months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really, look at you.
Alicia Noedel: I got pregnant.
Alicia Noedel: So she had
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I know that's a great motivator for people so recently. So I just put recent use for 18 months, like, oh, Kool Aid. Your first use of THC and its many forms age of first use
Gwenevere Abriel: Well progression from there. Sometimes the tape daily a whole bowl and every day and then DE DE and my recent use was yesterday. So walk me through progression and last use
Alicia Noedel: Um it progressed pretty rapidly it when I could get it. Um, so I would smoke all day. If I could get it. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: But you know, I didn't have a job or anything so there wasn't any way for me to pay for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you were
Gwenevere Abriel: You were at most smoking. How much are ingesting how much marijuana at its most
Alicia Noedel: Probably like a few grams a day easily
Gwenevere Abriel: And last juice.
Alicia Noedel: Oh wow, I'm
Alicia Noedel: Probably like eight years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight years. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, to getting around there.
Alicia Noedel: Since that I'm PCP thing happened that it was never the same. So I just couldn't do it anymore. I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your first use. It's the same questions for all these different substances. So it's you're welcome to get ahead of me and say I was this age you progress like this, my last uses ba ba ba.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm agent first use of alcohol.
Alicia Noedel: 13 probably close to
Alicia Noedel: Home. I started drinking very heavily I probably would.
Alicia Noedel: It went from probably like just a few shots for me being good to I was able to drink like whole fifth by myself and it was very frequent almost every night.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old were you during this whole steps every night.
Alicia Noedel: I'm probably from age 12 to age 15
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, age 12 to 15 during that time period. And let's let's transcribe the cage questions. Did you ever have to have an eye opener like and I gotta have something in the morning.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, no.
Alicia Noedel: I would have hangovers. But I would just take it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and anyone ever say to you grow, you need to cut back and you got annoyed with them.
Alicia Noedel: No, because everyone that I would hang out with everyone that was around me was doing it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ever try to cut back and had a really hard time
Alicia Noedel: Oh, during
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 to 15
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So endorsing try to cut back but had a difficult time. Have you ever had the DTS.
Alicia Noedel: Oh no. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies duties any. Oh, how many blackouts in your lifetime. You can guess.
Once
Alicia Noedel: One time one time. Okay. Got you. One blackout.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any we'll get into
Gwenevere Abriel: legal history later. But as a result of the alcohol use any arrest.
Alicia Noedel: Oh no. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You doing okay. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We will only be touching really lightly on things. Just so you know, some will jump over something else.
Alicia Noedel: Just thinking, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, you're right. Everything
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to relive it will just pop over to the next thing. Okay, we'll just jump over to um
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, last time you had a drink. Just any little beer any little champagne.
Alicia Noedel: I went to Vegas.
Alicia Noedel: December of 2018 okay
Alicia Noedel: And that was the last time I probably drank yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you drank to intoxication.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to toxic ation December 2018 Las Vegas, Nevada, we're talking
Alicia Noedel: Yes, for my birthday for the 21st
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, let's move over to other substances. Let's talk about some of the stimulant substances. A lot of times people will use recreationally and methylphenidate which is known as a DD ADHD medication Ritalin and Adderall.
Alicia Noedel: I have a DD or ADHD. I don't know which one I have a form of attention deficit disorder. So those wouldn't really get me any kind of way other than column, probably, but I have never used
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you let's let's go there for just a moment I heard the diagnosis, but let's just talk about that for a second. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I forgot to tell the doctor about that too.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, have ADD. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, you and I will mostly be working with that she doesn't tend to prescribe Adderall Rhuddlan by bands that you would want to separate psychiatrists, if you did decide to go that
Alicia Noedel: Direction. I don't really need that and
Alicia Noedel: Then you and I will direct
Gwenevere Abriel: Unregulated press it will address it behaviorally will take a look at what you've tried. What kind of worked if you want to. That's completely up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to it for just about. Have you ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real environments federal
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's lifetime use of methylphenidate any crystal meth any crystal.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Did I use of math.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any powder cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, age.
Alicia Noedel: First time was probably when I was 16
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression of us.
Alicia Noedel: Very, very
Alicia Noedel: Not very often at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once a month.
Alicia Noedel: Once a year, I'm
Alicia Noedel: Probably not even that
Alicia Noedel: Life's only done it like three times in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Lifetime use about three times, we got it. Okay. Use times three lifetime. And that last use was about how many months or years ago would you say
Alicia Noedel: Like three. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: any use of crack. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies lifeline use of crack cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think we've covered stimulants, let's go over to if you don't know a word. I'm going to assume, so we can move on that. It's a no. Okay, so any
Gwenevere Abriel: Bar bit chew it which is different than a benzo okay denies lifetime you it's a barbecue with us. And let's move over to benzodiazepines that's annex I'll pass LM clonazepam know tonight's lifetime use of barbiturates and benzodiazepines.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's talk about huffing whippets
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, denies lifetime experimental use recreational use of huffing or barbiturates and lamb and I did here. I know this accidental unintended use of the PCP and. But what about intentionally using mushrooms for
Recreation
Alicia Noedel: I have probably about two or three times before in my life. In my young teenage years okay us in
Gwenevere Abriel: Last us teenager right
Alicia Noedel: Yes. Last year's team.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that PCP was the only time
Alicia Noedel: Yes. Okay. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got one time use that was age 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Was unintended unexpected and a negative experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: I talked about everything.
Alicia Noedel: No. Have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, either. I didn't using any structure on this. I'm just going from my memory. I hope I covered it something comes up, you'd be like, Oh, we forgot to talk about, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Alicia Noedel: And I'll be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, whoops. Can't believe I forgot that. Okay, so let's talk about treatment history. Um, let's see if we can separate it can't be separated, that's okay too. I'll just adjust
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they are Corbin. So, substance use history treatment versus mental health treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been in residential which most people call rehab where I stay overnight for 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never clients denies residential treatment history. Any hospitalizations for substance use denies hospitalization history. What about intensive outpatient, that's where you sit with someone like me go to grow for like three hours a day, but you do get to sleep in your own bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I've heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies intensive outpatient to
Gwenevere Abriel: What about outpatient, which means something like love Amelia maybe where you sit for an hour once a week. Individual therapy talk about underlying feelings beliefs and thoughts.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I've probably seen like
Alicia Noedel: Two three psychiatrists in my life one session for each of them. And it never progress from there.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: And I felt like they didn't understand me. They weren't really listening to me. And you know, I don't, it's hard enough to open up about things when you just feel like, you know, yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: very vulnerable and they're moving on to something else. Yeah, I hear you. I and that may, you may end up having that feeling in here and I wish I could protect you from that this is a questionnaire. I've got to ask everybody and I'm so
Alicia Noedel: You're extremely sweet and you showing that you care.
Alicia Noedel: So that
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't seen anything yet, girl. You're going to feel cared for in here believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the work we're going to do, because I'm hearing. It's really on the surface and you're starting to almost relive it in here. So we'll be real careful with those feelings. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So many psychiatrists, not a good fit. So really haven't had a chance to to to address the substance use, nor the common history so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so really this is your first treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did those psychiatrists, we're going to move into the that section, we're now into formerly what's called the psychiatric history.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, they're just labels, all they are is point of departure.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just a label. And that's where we depart. It's just a way to for professionals to communicate with each other. But that's not who we are. All right. There's just a clustering of symptoms.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your psychiatrists didn't meet with you. Did they ever say, Boy, you, you really meet criteria for depression for like you mentioned ADHD or for an anxiety disorder. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder eating disorder skittle affective disorder, bipolar.
Alicia Noedel: A anxiety and PTSD. I have not officially diagnosed, but I'm, you know, I'm sure that will probably change that pretty soon. Okay. I gotcha. Okay, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, here's some history and I've got a really, really great questionnaire that zeroes right in on how present those symptoms are is really good questions like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, no not at all or extremely we really get to zero in on where to focus our attention. Okay, it's a it's a great about 20 albums real, real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: So any hospitalizations though for, let's say you wanted to die and you tried to take your own life we ever hospitalized for suicidal attempt. No. Okay. Okay. So we'll say no hospitalizations.
Alicia Noedel: I'm gonna do something real quick so that I don't kill your ears, real quick.
Alicia Noedel: I got kind of sniffily sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we go and so
Alicia Noedel: Does that also mean
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have not had any psychiatric medication. So the psychiatry. Was there enough where they actually gave you a medicine and you try it, you're like, man.
Alicia Noedel: Never no
Gwenevere Abriel: No, never.
Alicia Noedel: Okay. I mean, I know that I have something, you know, like anxiety PTSD, but I don't feel like I need
Alicia Noedel: A medication to fix it. I feel like I cope. Okay. But, you know, maybe, maybe I'm wrong, because sometimes I do get really like, Okay, uh, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try a new skills that all teach you. Okay. You'll, you'll learn those skills. They work right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there with you forever. And you don't have to go to a pharmacy forum and we can teach them to our children to these are things that are wonderful for just our regular daily living. And they're great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of in that self healing to and there's stuff that hey, be kind of cool. Everybody knew these things. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it will learn them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want everyone to have those right away. So those that'll be our focus is getting those in place people see a change immediately with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Let's go back in here. Just make sure I'm not missing anything when it comes to psychiatric what else they got we will nothing in here for the treatment will go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I do need to get pretty clear history in here when you so think your whole lifetime that includes being when you were younger. Was there ever any suicidal ideation.
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you,
Alicia Noedel: 13
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and did it get beyond
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking, sometimes we get to planning, we get to intent. I want to die. And we actually take action on it.
Alicia Noedel: I would cut myself but not like in a place where it would be fatal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this so I pulled these two things apart and you tell me if they need to be.
Alicia Noedel: Self harm and suicide attempts are okay.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: What do you think ever tried to kill myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would cut myself. Now, where were you cutting
Alicia Noedel: Like on the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Okay. On guys. Yep. And they were superficial or do they ever need stitches.
Alicia Noedel: Never needed stitches. Stitches okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And that started at age 13. Was there a period of time without was like more frequent
Alicia Noedel: Like 13 to 1513 to
Gwenevere Abriel: 16
Alicia Noedel: I only ever did it then because I went through something that made me really suicidal. So I got that one time. Okay. Just that one time that one year, I would say I did it a few times that one year here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you. Alright, so now let's go back to so client is denying recent current self injurious behavior. So there's no recent burning cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: Self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And most recently, people have been identifying that they're tattooing counts for them that they almost do that. Think about it, right, because it's painful, so it fee. It's like they're kind of getting away with it in a socially acceptable way. So, but they're endorsing it
Alicia Noedel: Hmm.
Alicia Noedel: I mean, I have a lot of tattoos and I've had
Alicia Noedel: Quite a few piercings. So, I mean, it makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I didn't come up with that my clients on an interview, just like this, or like, you know what I do.
Alicia Noedel: I feel better when I get tattoos. It makes me feel like I'm getting a release.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that something
Alicia Noedel: It's strange.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it
Alicia Noedel: I never thought about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know my clients taught me that, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might be going on something for us to just take a peek at
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. All right, let's go back to that other question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to just we pulled aside the, the self injury and now we're just going to look at the member I said the intent, this really something different with, I don't want to live anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different than I need relief from this psychic pain. So, was there ever a time we literally did not want to live and you took action to take your own life.
Alicia Noedel: never took action. No, but I have had suicidal thoughts before
Gwenevere Abriel: And about how often in your life have you had those thoughts.
Alicia Noedel: Oh god.
Alicia Noedel: at different ages several times probably once at probably a young age like 789
Alicia Noedel: Again, as a teenager, probably about four times.
Alicia Noedel: But I haven't had any of those thoughts since I was probably like 1717 was the last time when my father died. That was the last time I felt that way.
Alicia Noedel: Last time when father died and that was age 17 yes
Gwenevere Abriel: And you remembering back 789 and i and i hear you. So that was present their clients denying lifetime. You got to correct me if this isn't true client tonight's lifetime history of suicidal plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intent inaction. So yeah, okay, I got you. And what was the most recent timing was it like last week, anything or no just 17 was most recent
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. When my dad passed away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, last was at 17 thank you for that. And now, same kind of questions except homicidal
Gwenevere Abriel: kill anybody. Besides that bad driver that's over here in Florida. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the back your way okay so clients and eyes lifetime homicidal ideation intent plan and action.
That's all medication stuff, which we can skip, skip
Gwenevere Abriel: Skip and on to the next section, we're going to get into
Gwenevere Abriel: Some family history. So my invitation to you is when something gets live like. Notice how tears started to come or an emotion came up when it gets activated, it really is spelled throat gut chest wherever it is that gets real like oh it's hitting me hard when that comes
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take time for yourself and do what's called and we'll go over it later. A belly breath, which means you actually get that long down there in the bottom of the long
Gwenevere Abriel: DON'T KEEP IT UP HERE TIGHT, we want to get that air down in the bottom of the long. Take a nice deep breath and just sort of look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And realize you're actually not in danger. Right now, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just this perceived threat and then listen listen to my cadence of my voice just here. Okay, let me just focus on this woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: What color are those classes and said here, natural color. Well, she got straight teeth just sort of analyze me, look at my background where she's going to be square her couches square
Alicia Noedel: You know, they're so pretty good by the way you're so gorgeous so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of makeup on. I'm I'm 50 but this thing makes me look like. Like, I'm really young.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but, so when it comes up use other senses. Not just that, that, that, that memory came up with all the emotion, but start to pay attention to what you smell do that breathing analyze what you see in the video. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you ever adopted. No. Okay. So, and these next questions are going to be same questions, but for different people and is your mother living or deceased.
She's alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: psychiatric illness history. In other words, does she have depression, anxiety, substance use and he
Gwenevere Abriel: Gets so effective history. Any suicide attempts in her history. What's her side.
Alicia Noedel: Of all of the above.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, we're in for an interesting ride there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got I put alcohol. I put anxiety. Was there a bipolar. Do you know and her diagnosed
Alicia Noedel: Bipolar manic depressive okay to USD
Alicia Noedel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Also control, obviously.
Alicia Noedel: Any drug use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug use. Okay, any impulse eating disorder present there.
Alicia Noedel: Over eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And any look in the family history on maternal side by side. Any schizophrenia or suicide attempts, anywhere down her line.
Alicia Noedel: She has but I'm not sure.
Alicia Noedel: About anyone else she got schizophrenia suicide attempts. Yep.
I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was she ever hospitalized for psychiatric ok ok and medical illness for medical does she have anything that you know she's got asthma. She's got COPD. What she got
Fibromyalgia
Alicia Noedel: And then lupus.
Alicia Noedel: She has
Alicia Noedel: Endometriosis
Alicia Noedel: Rheumatoid arthritis.
Alicia Noedel: And I think that's it of physical problems right
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe clients stated medical illness of mother please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, here we go. I'm going to show some words to you. These are the positive words.
Gwenevere Abriel: If none of them. If you don't endorse any of them. That's fine. I've got a actually I'll switch. I'm going to use these other words. First, I'm going to go over here. I'm going to share some words with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can pick as many or as few as you want. The describe the quality of relationship with your mother was it ever abusive avoidant boring or chaotic.
Alicia Noedel: Abusive avoidant
Chaotic
Gwenevere Abriel: Controlling descent exploitive or fragile.
Alicia Noedel: Controlling distant
Gwenevere Abriel: Inconsistent neglectful parasitic punishing stale traumatic unfaithful, and I can explain any of these. If you need help.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: Let's see, inconsistent.
Alicia Noedel: neglectful
Alicia Noedel: Punishing
Alicia Noedel: Traumatic
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got a few more are almost done unfaithful unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying on supportive
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. That last one unsupportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And any of the whoops. Let's compare any of these was it ever any of these sort of pro social ones adequate close consistent fulfilling functional intimate loving reliable any of those
Alicia Noedel: Loving
Gwenevere Abriel: For wedding satisfying stable supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Symbiotic. I don't know whether I consider that a positive one, frankly, but whatever.
Alicia Noedel: I times it was rewarding and adequate okay but sometimes it felt like manipulation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you. Okay, so now, same questions when your father was alive right you see these words in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: My depression. There's just sort of some random words. When you think of the psychiatric history of him and substance use history. What's the history with him.
Alicia Noedel: Significant psychiatric illness. That sounds pretty accurate. My dad was pretty mentally damaged.
Alicia Noedel: From his life. That's the same thing with my mother. They're both their childhoods and their lives really screwed them up.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I'll use
Alicia Noedel: Okay. Um, he never had any anxiety. He did have ADD.
Alicia Noedel: He did have depression.
Alicia Noedel: Delirium. That sounds like him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any impulse control, probably with the add
Alicia Noedel: Yes, I'm disorders. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any schizophrenia on his side or suicide attempts in his family history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, which one
Him.
Gwenevere Abriel: The schizophrenia. Well,
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: The Seidel suicidal thoughts. Yeah, or suicidal attempts to okay let me see. We got sorry there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is, and substance use on his side as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Um, any hospitalizations for dad for psychiatric admission.
Alicia Noedel: I don't, I don't think so. I don't think you ever got help. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And medical. Do you know his medical anything relevant there.
Alicia Noedel: Um, he never really went to the doctor because he didn't have insurance.
Alicia Noedel: But
Alicia Noedel: I mean, I don't, I don't believe so. He was always in pain, but he never really got anything to diagnosis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so do some deep breathing just sort of focus right do that stuff. I was kind of joking around. But it's actually a very serious thing.
Alicia Noedel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Good. Good. You're doing amazing you're we're moving right along, excellent progress. So I know this is difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go in. Let me see what's left in here. Oh yes, lots to do, still. Now I want you to picture right these two
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of their relationship number all those words somewhere kind of pop pro social. Some of them were negative, what are some of the words, if you remember any that would describe their relationship.
Alicia Noedel: Close. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: This is going to be very contradicting abusive.
Got it.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: They have exploited in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they explain it. Other
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. Was it chaotic was they're controlling behavior was they're punishing was it traumatic.
Alicia Noedel: They would hit each other, but it wasn't like one sided to where one person was like you know punishing the other, it wasn't really like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can take that out. Um, let's go down here. Do you have any siblings.
Alicia Noedel: I have a adopted brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember all those questions kind of same thing psychiatric medical quality.
Alicia Noedel: Okay so psychiatric my brother. I think he might have been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Alicia Noedel: Because he his original mother. My mom sister, because he's my first cousin. She was pretty horrible.
Alicia Noedel: He did have a lot of mental issues, but I don't know, hence the diagnosis is
Gwenevere Abriel: Any substance use.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, on
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything.
Alicia Noedel: He's in prison right now he's facing 65 years in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prison. Okay. Got you. And are you guys close
Alicia Noedel: No, not close. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to get close. If there's features of schizophrenia. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of hard day to get close to someone like that.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I was. He hated me
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Yep. And come come make fun of my office, come look at my office and make I'm on
Gwenevere Abriel: One of these squares, who has a pink couch. It's completely ridiculous.
Alicia Noedel: Why do you lie. You know, it's beautiful. That's a gorgeous couch looks rose gold.
Gwenevere Abriel: pouch. Well, that's why I can crack on it. Right.
Alicia Noedel: There, it's like it's suede. It's a beautiful
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like this like velvety thing. It's so fabulous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see what we focus on something else again, middle, and you guys can always make fun of me always because I am very resilient. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: So let's go to nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Guy I gotta shake the nice out of you gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to access the sarcasm. We got to get a hold of that. Okay, so let's see. Um, okay. We covered that. You're doing great. Oh, let's come down here.
Um,
Yes, that is true, true, true, true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, have you ever been married
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. All right. Are you in a
Gwenevere Abriel: long term relationship in a relationship with anyone right now.
Alicia Noedel: I'm engaged. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, engaged. So we're going to look at some words so client is engaged right now and we're going to reference the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: But Louise when you transcribe it's not spouse, it's it's fiance and we're going to take a look and we're going to apply these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it adequate close consistent fulfilling functional intimate or loving
Alicia Noedel: Every all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the good stuff. Right.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it's. It is amazing. He's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I gotcha. I wrote him down.
Alicia Noedel: Any of the negative ones.
Alicia Noedel: That one I can take all the horrible stuff, but that should makes me shudder to her.
Alicia Noedel: Cuz he's so great. Yeah, there's no negatives.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. Okay, so no controlling behavior. No avoidance. None of that even okay I got you a little bit on fantastic. You did it. Next section. Now we're going to go over to psycho social history and this is what city and state we born in
Alicia Noedel: Santa Fe, New Mexico. Okay, fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your mother was pregnant with you. It might only be stories. If you don't have any stories, say, I have no idea. I'm prolongs labor normal pregnancy unplanned pregnancy forceps. Are there any stories around that one.
Alicia Noedel: Of my mom has endometriosis. So she wasn't supposed to have kids and out of, I think, like, you know, it's harder, but she can have kids, it's just harder for her to have kids and OUT OF ALL HER PREGNANCIES that she ever had. I was the only one that survived.
Alicia Noedel: So an unplanned. Yeah, I mean, I think I was planning my parents said that they were trying. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's move over to milestones. Did you eat on time crawl on time. Walk on time talk on time, as far as, you know,
Alicia Noedel: I was advanced I was ahead of the curve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha. Okay. Please note client advanced head of the curve on milestones birth order you are. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, temperament. When you were a little baby. Were you anxious easy cranky cuddly or extrovert, any of those
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: Probably in it an extrovert. I don't have any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got some more words. How about fussy happy overactive sad shy or withdrawn, any of those sound like stories you've heard
Alicia Noedel: Happy over active
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any childhood fears. Sometimes people have very specific fears separation dark some specific thing. What was it for you.
Alicia Noedel: A dark
Alicia Noedel: Dark abandonment. Uh huh.
Alicia Noedel: It was always like scary. Still is. Those are fears that I carry with me, to this day, I can't sleep in the dark.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Being like abducted.
Gwenevere Abriel: being abducted. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: And demons.
Alicia Noedel: As a child, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Any medicine few haunted houses so
Gwenevere Abriel: Any night terrors.
Alicia Noedel: I have sleep paralysis every now and again
Alicia Noedel: The first time I had it was when I was probably like five
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so we've got sleep paralysis for Stage five any temper tantrums social anxiety separation anxiety, a rocking behaviors tix thumb sucking
Alicia Noedel: Not that I know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over school when you think of school are you like, yay. I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about the. How about this, I got some words here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal outstanding dislike school disorganized dyslexia hyperactive in attention, any of those words.
Alicia Noedel: hyperactive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any disorganized like you like I keep forgetting my book or by notebook or was there a sense of disorganized.
Alicia Noedel: Not until I got a little older school was mostly just hard for me because I'm since I was like the poor kid and I had, you know, the same shoes with holes in them and you know like old clothes that were my brothers. I got picked on a lot. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's, that's another one over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's teased by friends so that way. I'll probably
Alicia Noedel: Really bullied.
Gwenevere Abriel: Severely okay I got really relevant to our work together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep yep yep yep okay and any stuttering history.
Alicia Noedel: I had a list. When I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now please transcribe list. Do you know between when and when and when
Alicia Noedel: Um, I think you went away. Probably when I was like eight or nine. Okay, let's say we in speech classes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They out to us that peanut butter.
Alicia Noedel: They help, they gave me a piece of PVC pipe to speak through
Alicia Noedel: Here.
Like a telephone
Alicia Noedel: What you're saying wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Alright, so let's see we got her parent behavior. Okay. Did your parents argue frequently in front of you or in private.
Alicia Noedel: In front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they and they got I think I heard you say they got violent in front of you as well they hit each other or someone hit somebody
Alicia Noedel: Almost every time they fought. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where you grounded as discipline hit with a belt with a fist slapped are
Alicia Noedel: Saying oh
Alicia Noedel: Granny spanked thank
Alicia Noedel: God, they would have ground me every now and again, but it was more like it wouldn't last like
Alicia Noedel: Because I was too hyper
Alicia Noedel: So, you know, they were just be like, All right, well just go watch TV, nevermind. You know, because I was very like restless.
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you will you ever physically abused.
Alicia Noedel: I separate
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, sexually molested from just physical abuse who ever hit and sort of where it left an injury will say yes on that was that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there any when you were little. Do you know if you are touched in appropriately by anyone.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, that was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there is that piece. And we've got any neglect where you are left alone to fend for yourself, way, way, way, way, way too early.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the molestation, was it family member, friend partner stranger. Probably not partner, obviously, but
Alicia Noedel: It was a stranger, but it was because of a family friend. Okay, I think I get that makes any sense. So when I was babysitting me
Gwenevere Abriel: babysit having people come
Alicia Noedel: Over and then they would give her money.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, let's do some breathing. She never physically touched me, but she
Gwenevere Abriel: You know yeah I got it. So this is the time to do the breathing. Right. And if you have something next to you like a little pillow or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to grab that and just feel the changing texture temperature just sort of feel it just pay attention to the tactile experience just to get back in the body. So we're not overwhelmed with the emotion. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we've got that now. Oftentimes people that experience that violation and they're survivors when they were little. They also experience sexual surviving traumatic events as an adult, they have raped experience and things is that part of your history, too.
Alicia Noedel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's pretty common, and was that from a partner, you were dating or a stranger or family member.
Alicia Noedel: Is from that blackout. It was, um,
Alicia Noedel: Me tool, Fred. Okay, got it.
Alicia Noedel: That's what made me want to stop drinking
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Puts you what 17 or something.
Alicia Noedel: 1516 years
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably haven't talked much about this with people, have you
Alicia Noedel: Um, my mom was probably the only one that I've ever told
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well at least you're talking to somebody about it. I'm glad you're not somebody to talk with
Gwenevere Abriel: And will be treating right the symptoms that are probably associated. That's the PTSD symptoms that are probably associated with that history. All right, let's move on from that, right, you're like, No problem, lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: quick as we can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go over to this one. Let's go ahead and conduct problems. It's not uncommon for people to run away from home to steal skipped school bring a weapon to school start fires binge eat be cruel to animals. How about you, any of those
Alicia Noedel: I never really wrote, you know, I started rebelling when i when i got
Alicia Noedel: When I dropped out. And that's when I never really did anything kind of crazy in school. I was disruptive during class, but it was never really like to an extent where I was like doing anything illegal or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Alicia Noedel: I did have weight issues because I would use food as a coping mechanism. When I was young. Yes, yes. So I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Just put binge eating and we'll look more at your relationship with food as we do our work together. Okay. Absolutely. Makes a lot of sense. You dropped out when
Alicia Noedel: I dropped out. Um,
Alicia Noedel: My like probably like a month or two into ninth grade and you just see they've got
Alicia Noedel: About 14 1314 okay so client dropped out at about age 14 ninth grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you go ahead and pursue to Ed or no.
Alicia Noedel: I have several times. Hey,
Alicia Noedel: I never got it though. It's just I finished all the classes and both the time that it happened, I was with the man my piece of x. And so he wouldn't let me take tests because he didn't want me to have that, like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get it would have been powering control.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client has all of what she needs to get the GTD has not been able to finish it.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about other training though sometimes we get another training in another field or something. Did you get any training.
Alicia Noedel: I have food service trading to run a, like a restaurant because I was a manager of a restaurant for a little while.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Alright, that's it. Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right now right now are you I'm homemaker working part time what you're doing.
Alicia Noedel: With my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you typically working or not so much.
Alicia Noedel: What's the title. Yeah. Before we go, I quit. When I was five or six months because it got too much for me. I was in the food service industry and people are like, your emotions are so high and you feel like everyone's being the deal, but I have worked almost
Alicia Noedel: continuously since I was like
Alicia Noedel: Eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, please transcribe clients stated work history right now are you stable or unstable financially.
Alicia Noedel: I am Steve Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so do you identify as bisexual lesbian heterosexual or other
Gwenevere Abriel: Heterosexual single partner multiple partner.
Alicia Noedel: Partner. Okay. Got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: romantic relationship you got down current one is a loving and wonderful, wonderful.
Alicia Noedel: Wonderful relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Marital shows living arrangements. Okay, cool, including your pets. If you have any who all's living together.
Alicia Noedel: Right now I'm sitting with my mother so that she can help me with the baby. Okay. And it sounds silly, but she's a whole different person now that she's not on drugs or anything. She's amazing. So it's me. My mom, my fiance my mother's husband and our dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby
Alicia Noedel: Baby
Alicia Noedel: Baby, how can I forget, baby. What's wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Alicia Noedel: I feel like she's a part of me still. So should I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Alicia Noedel: Need Part two
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. I get it. I totally
Gwenevere Abriel: That's so cute. All right, and you have the one baby or other children.
Alicia Noedel: Just her. Okay. Just one little tiny tot
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And how old is your tiny little bit
Alicia Noedel: Since three months yesterday to
Alicia Noedel: SO jealous with these gorgeous to, she's so cute. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to bring her on screen at some point. So I can just COO all over
Alicia Noedel: Before we get off or I'll have them bigger in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three months. Yummy yummy yummy. And she's healthy, happy baby.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, she's amazing. She's so happy. Good, good, good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's see what else we've got here. I got. Oh, how about your hobbies things you'd like to do for fun.
Alicia Noedel: I like to read a lot. I love to write want to write a book one day.
Alicia Noedel: I love to do DIY things
Alicia Noedel: I love to do my makeup and my hair, I want to go to beauty school
Alicia Noedel: I love to cook. I love to bake.
Alicia Noedel: A lot of things I like to do. You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please transcribe all of those hobbies, because I am doing a terrible job of typing.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, don't read that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times have you been arrested.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never, never. Okay. Client tonight's lifetime history of arrest and of course that means there's no open case for you. Okay. On a scale of zero to 1010 being a superstar very high on self esteem zero is I just do not feel good about myself at all. Where do you fall in self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Currently, yep.
Alicia Noedel: That's a thinker probably like a five or six
Gwenevere Abriel: You only put 5.5. Sure. Okay. It's just for me so I can, we can write whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: On scale.
Alicia Noedel: Of zero to 10 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero to 10 okay we are done with the formal part and you did great.
Gwenevere Abriel: A really important piece of this is that we
Gwenevere Abriel: Identify goals that you have
Alicia Noedel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to change as you change and you grow and you start to sort of unfold the things that excites you, maybe it'll be school or maybe it'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you, you know, eat, or maybe it'll be asleep thing or it will be an activity, whatever it is. There's we can talk about and work on whatever you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: But first, let's talk about the substance use just that as sort of this
Gwenevere Abriel: big goal to to work on. When you think about something you want to do more of or something you want to do less of when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold in your mind, your substance use, what's your goal.
Alicia Noedel: So you're very good back to where I was.
Alicia Noedel: In a minute when I call you can you bring the baby because I want to show
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's a beautiful goal you just stated the challenge for me as someone who will need to measure that is I won't be able to know what that was. And I won't be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: What is let's keep refining it, I want to what
Alicia Noedel: I'm I don't ever want to do heroin again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you're not doing heroin right now.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do.
Alicia Noedel: I want to be able to cope with my trauma and
Alicia Noedel: Future.
Alicia Noedel: Problems better
Gwenevere Abriel: Better. Yeah, there we go. Now we got one. So I want to be able to cope with my trauma. That's the past and my future.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said problems better. So I'm assuming we're talking about. I want to gain some coping skills and I'd like to maybe be able to use those skills, instead of reaching for substance to cope
Alicia Noedel: Right. Okay. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got some really good goals in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. See if we can. I want to be able to cope with trauma and future problems better. So we'll put that in quotes, please and and that we will I'll probably do a roll out for now have
Gwenevere Abriel: A post traumatic stress disorder. We'll just do a real loud. At this point, and I'll look into it further later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look what you did. You did all of that in an hour. That's amazing.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Not too bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was outstanding. Typically I have to call people like with another 10 minutes like well what are your hobbies. And if you ever been arrested.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a difficult assessment because there's not a lot of time to get into why it's this way.
Alicia Noedel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yes, it's this, but it's also this right because rarely are things just one thing or
Complex.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about on the next time we're going to meet and it's going to be so different. It's going to be a nice and slow.
Alicia Noedel: Hey, bring on a saucy on here, you bring the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: I always thought if I had a baby girl. I would, I would name her to Lula
Alicia Noedel: That's a pretty name that name before
Gwenevere Abriel: Or right
Alicia Noedel: Highlight all
Me see I'm gonna blow up my picture here so I can really see
Gwenevere Abriel: The pictures frozen.
Alicia Noedel: She's huge I had her early and she's so big, so beautiful. Look at this.
Alicia Noedel: Cheeks. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smells so good.
Jealous is
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's take a look at our schedules. Thank you for sharing that with me truly
Alicia Noedel: Know it you just made.
Alicia Noedel: I love to see, that's my pride and joy I want everyone to see her.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, my goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, let's take a look at next week for the first 30 days this program may feel like a lot. I'll be meeting with you every week. Okay. And you'll be attending group every week after a month, you and I will look at your goals. You know, he mentioned a couple of them with me.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together and you'll decide your progress. Well, do I have enough coping skills. Maybe I need some more. Let's keep talking.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you're going to need to sort of develop trust with me, we're going to get into to skill building, but there's also this big trauma work that I will want to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not going to get into that until you're prepared, which means developing those skills. First, whether it's imagery, whether it's the somatic soma is the body sort of preparing
Gwenevere Abriel: And making sure that you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be a very important
Alicia Noedel: Thing wrapped up with the sorry I'm listening to you. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. No worries.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: So I understand. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will go at your pace. I know this is new for you. The psychotherapy in general is pretty new. I, I am someone who can hear things like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared I'm nervous. I'm not ready I'm angry. What did you mean, what's that mean. Oh, I don't know about that. I'm not going to get upset with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a really important thing for clients to understand because a lot of times our trauma was interpersonal and our healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs to be in her personal and so if you are worried about, well, what were one of your think how will she react well she really traumatized me, but she led me down hurt me.
Gwenevere Abriel: yell at me criticize me those kinds of things. You may not be feeling safe enough to stretch and go into the sort of scary places in your mind right
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just want you to know I don't get upset with
Gwenevere Abriel: People, you may end up feeling like I am, but i'm i'm not intentionally going to criticize. I'm not intentionally going to try and let you down. I'll probably do it by accident because I'm human, I might. I might accidentally say something, but I want you to know. You can tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, Boy, I was pissed at you have group you you do. Did the double bubble. I'll say okay well let's talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is a really unique kind of relationship. Most people don't get these they you know they they got a tiptoe around and they people, please. And they protect the other person so conflict doesn't happen, but in here. You get to just be you in any shape, form you want. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's pick a time that we're going to meet next week okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how
Gwenevere Abriel: I I don't tend to see people in the latter part of the day because I have these other sort of commitments that I'm obligated myself to
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do see people in the early morning and in the first part of today. What's the earliest time that we could get away with this. I know you have a baby. So I've got to kind of be mindful of that. But how early, could we get away with it.
Alicia Noedel: She's up you know she has me up early, so I'm, I'm pretty sure you know I could probably do like at earliest 830
Alicia Noedel: Because she goes back to sleep around five or six. So like, it gives me a little bit of time to rest before she wakes back up at like eight
Gwenevere Abriel: At night. Okay, so she's a good little sleeper.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, she she yeah she has like little periods, but like she sleep from, like, six to eight o'clock in the morning and then she's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh I see, I see. I see, I see. Okay, so you want to get your, your sleeping right there. I see. I know we got to really protect sleep because when she's sleeping mommy needs asleep.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise, you'll never get any
Alicia Noedel: Oh, I'm exhausted. I have like a pound of concealer on right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see, we've got looking at ideal is 830
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's probably the progression of our scheduling will go. I'm really booked up right now, which means we'll have to kind of like kind of
Alicia Noedel: filtering through
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, work through the next couple weeks. But then I'll carve out a really great spot for us. And then I'll protect it and we'll talk each week, we'll try to get that same sort of timing.
Alicia Noedel: All right, well, I'm very flexible. Okay, so whenever is good for you is probably good for me. Unless, I say otherwise, pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, it's taking me so long. It's
Alicia Noedel: You're fine, no problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll tell you what I'm going to do two things. Number one, we're going to pick a time
Gwenevere Abriel: It's probably going to be in the afternoon. But then I'd like to put you on I'm experimenting with it this month to see if it works. It worked last week fairly well I've been creating an odd call list, which means in here. There's no drive time so on call looks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: About 10 minutes after the top of the hour because all my appointments, although you wouldn't know that because it's a hell and a half hour that on Saturday. But anyway, they're always on the hour. It's always nine o'clock 10 O'clock 11 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would message you on a text. And I'd say, Oh, real quick. If you're free. Do you want to have the individual therapy right now if the baby happens to be with mom or it's like the planets align and you can actually create an hour to meet with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we would meet if you're like oh my gosh now getting my my literally the dentist is in my mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel like now I don't take it personally. It's all I'm doing that with other people too. I'm sending it out really quick just to see if anybody wants to
Gwenevere Abriel: Fill that appointment because someone may be was hospitalized or something happened and no one's there I earn my living by meeting with people face to face because I'm, I'm an independent contractor. So I very much need to have my hours filled
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to put you on an on call list. But I also want to pick a time that no matter what we're going to need if we can't sort of squeeze you in the morning hour
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, how would you feel about meeting on a Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: At one
Gwenevere Abriel: March 4 at 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going
Alicia Noedel: On. Yeah, no, that's the time that my
Alicia Noedel: My baby starts getting ready to go to work, but I can like, that's when he's like, I'm about to leave so that that can probably work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll only probably be this one time.
Alicia Noedel: That's fine. And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to look to the next week. Real quick, while we're sitting here. Okay, I'm gonna go over here and I'm going to see what I'm looking right now for looking for an eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it won't be 830 will be on the already. You know what I mean.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I'm gonna get my pen in my pencil because you're going to probably give me like some dates. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Alicia Noedel: Okay. Give me one second. No problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which days. Oh, you're, you're in a Thursday group right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Beautiful. So I think our new time is gonna be gonna give you some dates when you're ready.
Alicia Noedel: Try to find my pen. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time.
Alicia Noedel: Repaired went missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really okay I'm making notes right now, no rush.
Alicia Noedel: Gosh, I hate when this happens when there's a penguin. You need one. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Let me get to my paper.
Alicia Noedel: Okay ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the next dates that we have coming up are the following.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 4 1pm individual therapy. It's the same process to go to virtual clinic, they'll give you
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 yeah because there might be quite a few people right at that time, I think there's like a 130 group to I mean it might be just insane in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want. And let me tell you something else you can actually do your band. If you really want to move it along. You can do it the day before. If you wanted to get it out of the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like bam. I'm gonna I'm gonna meet with
Gwenevere Abriel: Her tomorrow, and I don't want me. Second, there
Alicia Noedel: Should get a planner.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would help me a lot with seriously, I'm old school girl I use old school. I am
Alicia Noedel: A burger Pinter yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got that one. Then you have of course 11am. The next day, March 5 is your group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then March 9 at 8am. I'm going to see if I can hold that spot for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That will be like your new like typically we would meet on Monday at eight o'clock that will be like our new spots that all keep protecting week after week after week for you.
Alicia Noedel: And are you wanting to do that 730 or 745 for me to check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, in the mornings like that. There's not quite as many people, you probably 745 you can get away with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Betcha
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to know you know i mean you'll feel it. You'll you know I'm not in there. So I don't know, but I hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh 130s insane. I'm sitting here and if you're ever stuck in their member the phone because you have my personal you have my personal cell phone, you can be like, stuck in virtual clinic. These people are taking forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay that's
Alicia Noedel: What you know that your way that you're
Alicia Noedel: On their way. It's not just I'm skipping meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me tell you how zoom works. Let's say I'm sitting here and because I do have someone on Mondays. I see it seven in the morning. Sometimes I see people at five and six in the morning, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might come into the room and you'll see it kind of like, oh wait for host waiting for host waiting for host it might be five minutes after but I can actually see your name in in this little waiting area. It's pretty cool. And I might
Gwenevere Abriel: I might text and say be right there. Or you might text me and say, I'm here, but I can see you there because it makes this little thing and you're there, but sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: ELISA and you'll feel this too. We might be having like a really like kind of important moment and I can't just say, okay, bye.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to. I need to kind of gently close out of session.
Alicia Noedel: I completely understand
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not intentional, you think, how can you not be on time you're in your own home, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be because I'm really being careful with someone's feelings. Okay. Mm hmm. So I do apologize in advance for that, but I'm not bad. I'm at the most typically two minutes late. Three minutes late. That's my typical is just those couple last minutes
Alicia Noedel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like we've got a good plan in place.
Alicia Noedel: Also, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm looking forward to working with you and if something comes up again. You can message me. Well, you really got me all upset over something
Gwenevere Abriel: You can certainly share, share things with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But otherwise we'll be able to really slow down and see see kind of where we're going to get started here next time.
Alicia Noedel: I'm not very sensitive, so I don't take things the wrong way very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I'm looking forward to working with you. Enjoy your weekend and you baby. Thank you for sharing.
Alicia Noedel: With the same Gwen. Have a great day.
Alicia Noedel: All right. Bye bye.